IN LOVING MEMORY OF WARKOP DKI FAMILY
BAKWAN
LATEST AND SOPHISTICATED NEWS
The city is under threat from nail traps.
Nails are scattered all over,
disturbing activities
and endangering the public.
It remains unclear
who is behind this terror,
whether it was done alone
or by a professional group.
Oh, no. Seriously?
Forget a flat tire, it was the car itself!
Gosh! What now?
What? Oh, no.
Why am I the one going flat?
No flat Earth!
That raises the question,
what will the government do
to combat this situation?
Commander, your thoughts?
At Chiips, we've put together
a special team
made up of quick, reliable
and alert personnel,
and, above all, anti-hoax.
That's the nail. Huh?
It's alive?
Come here.
So outdated.
Bare hands in this day and age?
Use a tool, like me. Look!
A nail-attracting magnet stick!
Safe roads, comfy back.
Make way!
Whoa!
Get on my level, I'm with the times.
Sparkling roads, no worries, no stress,
and no need to call Andy Lau.
It's all a mess again,
just like your face.
SEPTIC TANK CLEANING
Are we gonna pick up nails forever?
We won't finish until the end of time.
Why don't we make something?
-Make chaos?
-A TikTok video?
No!
I mean build a robot.
NAIL-REMOVER BOT
I can't see the door!
Ouch!
Sip coffee to stay awake.
I'm so thirsty.
OIL
-I still can't believe it.
-It looks good.
Don, are you done? Hurry!
Just hang on. It's done.
Whoa!
Check it out. See?
That face looks familiar.
-Guess who?
-That's yourself!
Should've used my face.
It's better than yours.
Your face isn't up to SNI certification.
Besides, I made the head myself.
Making this robot unique,
eye-catching, charismatic--
It's antique, Dro.
You call that face unique? It's the teeth!
Exactly!
There's a reason for these teeth.
Listen closely. This is the password.
Its neck is spinning.
You sure it's not broken?
Didn't think anything else could stand out
besides your teeth.
I also built a remote
to make things easier.
Here.
Is this robot on? Bot? Hello?
FRIEND
-Woo-hoo!
-This feels like a carousel!
-Don, help! Your robot is acting up!
-What?
It just needs some oil.
It caught a cold?
Maybe the robot isn't that smart.
How come?
Smart robots don't catch cold.
Whoosh, cold out!
Time to test the robot. Turn it on.
Wow!
It's full right away.
Not bad. It's good to go!
Time to get the work done.
Come on, let's go!
NAIL TRAP REMOVAL
IN PROGRESS
Life's good.
WANTED: NAIL SCAVENGER
"THE ROADS ARE FINALLY NAIL-FREE"
"BUT EXTORTION CONTINUES"
PRESS CONFERENCE: CHIIPS ROBOT LAUNCH
"MULTI-PURPOSE NAIL TRAPS REMOVAL ROBOT"
Thanks to the special team
formed by Chiips,
the public can get back on their feet.
Standing with me now…
Naturally, it's thanks to my guidance
as their commander.
What they needed
was a dedicated leader and…
Trash.
We recycled household waste
into parts for this robot.
The public is pleased
because their homes are…
Destroyed.
This robot is armed to combat crime.
If there's danger, this robot will…
Whistle.
If you see a nail trap, just whistle.
The robot will arrive and clean it up.
-What else?
-Please give the mic back.
It does a great job removing nail traps,
but is that all it can do?
Oh, yes! Not at all.
Another one.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
So funny!
Another one.
WASTE SUCTION
EXPRESS
Amazing!
This robot's more capable than I thought.
Robots just follow orders.
The creator holds the real skill.
FRIEND
FOE
What kind of robot do you need?
This one right here
can do chores at home too.
FOE
Really?
I can make another robot if you want.
This thing's a piece of cake.
FOE
I can build a better one for you.
It took the remote! Soap opera time?
-It ate it!
-What's wrong with the robot?
Watch out! Poop truck!
Brown truck?
-No, no.
-A shitty truck?
No, no, no!
-A truck-shaped poop?
-Almost there.
Don! Turn off the robot!
You turned it on!
How do I turn it off?
You're asking us? We're doomed!
Dono, Kasino, Indro.
What, Boss?
Don't just stand there and talk, fix it!
This mess is on you!
Surely this is the result of your guidance
as their commander,
just like you said.
So, the reason
my subordinates are like this
even though I… Well…
You think this is a talk show?
Go do your job!
It's getting dangerous.
-We better hide for now to stay safe.
-Is that so?
Run!
Did you make an emergency button?
Obviously…
Great!
…not.
-What?
-Oh, no.
We need to get the robot out
before it completely wrecks the office!
Hey, scrap metal!
Crushing dreams is all you've got?
Bring it on if you dare!
What are you, a leaky gas pipe?
One tiny crack and you go off!
Gosh.
Don't be so mean.
-Can't you…
-Hold on tight!
-Floor it!
-All in!
Commander, is it safe now?
No, we better keep hiding.
Something's definitely wrong.
Bot, please hang in there.
Excuse me!
That was close.
Bot!
-What was that?
-That's out of line.
I can't see, Don!
-Watch out!
-Traffic ahead.
-Don! Hold on tight! We're going up!
-Okay, Kasino.
Where's the robot?
Where is it?
Looks like we're clear, Dro.
FOE
THIS LAND BELONGS TO THE ALMIGHTY
POPULATION: THREE PEOPLE
-Listen, Don, Dro.
-What?
-Let's set up a decoy.
-What do you mean?
Dro, you climb up there.
When the robot comes,
it'll try to grab the decoy.
And then I'll drop the load on it.
Okay.
Got you!
Wait.
WET PAINT!
Seriously, Dro?
Kas! Did I miss?
Blame the wind, not me!
Oh, Bot!
Calm down, Bot. Breathe a little.
Hurry up, Dro! You're close!
Wait. I need to grab more.
Try talking to it. Maybe it'll listen.
Gosh!
How about we make peace, Bot?
Peace? Robots don't know peace!
Sorry, Mr. Bot, I've only got this much.
You don't like cash?
Maybe it needs vitamin K.
Robots don't need vitamin K.
For what, stronger immunity?
Not that vitamin K.
It's vitamin Kiss.
You can't be serious.
You think a forehead kiss
is gonna calm it down?
You're gonna make it worse!
Let's just run!
What do we do, Kas?
Let's make it chase us
to run down the battery.
You go first, I'll hide for now.
Then we switch.
-You promise?
-Don't you trust your friend?
1 LIFE - SCORE 0003
Kas! Time to switch!
What? Let me sleep in peace.
Dro!
Hey, help your friend out!
Good job, Dro! Keep going! No mercy!
It climbed over?
How do I let go?
He's bringing the robot closer!
Don, your friend is making it worse.
Bot.
What's happening?
Hold on tight, Don. You're safe.
All thanks to me.
Bot.
Please calm down.
Remember when you first powered on?
When you tried to walk and fell,
who was there to help you back up?
When you hurt your back,
who gave you your favorite oil?
FOE
FRIEND
Dro!
Dro! Hey!
What about Dono?
Dono…
RELEASE ONE ROPE
Dono-Bot!
Why is he holding on?
FRIEND
Just let it go, Don!
No! Dono-Bot is a good robot.
Don't listen to them.
Gosh.
Let it go!
That robot's out of control.
FOE
FRIEND AND FOE
Ouch!
Dono-Bot!
Dono-Bot.
Calm down, Don. We'll make another one.
Just not with your face,
it might glitch again.
It probably glitched itself
out of disgust.
Let's build the next robot from baby mode.
Teach it to pray, so it has morals.
Send it to a top school,
so it memorizes Pancasila
and the Constitution.
-Right?
-Yeah. And teach it to respect parents.
Raise it right, no drugs,
no nightlife, no street racing.
Maybe even send it into Kumon
so it can count like rice seller agents.
But Dono-Bot is a good kid!
Easy, easy.
CHEATING EVERYWHERE
-Come on, don't be late.
-Yes, Mom.
-Keep going.
-I win! You're too slow!
Wait for me! You're cheating.
You snatched it without thinking.
I was just following Dono.
I didn't know it'd end up like this!
BUDIMAN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
CASE NO. 6161:
NATIONAL EXAM LEAKAGE
Hello, Boss.
-Excuse me, Boss.
-Pardon me.
Please, sit down.
A kid's chair?
Go ahead, drink up.
That's rare, he served us drinks.
Right. He's up to something for sure.
There's a shrimp under the pole.
You're wrong.
It's a shrimp… is the loudest.
Idiots, all of you.
It's rippling water is full of shrimps.
Just have a sip.
What are you waiting for? Enjoy it.
Okay, Boss.
-We're still on the clock.
-Right.
How about we hear you out first?
He's right.
The drinks can wait.
Your next mission is to uncover
the mafia syndicate in education.
The bachelor's degree mafia? Cum laude?
What is he talking about?
Enough. Pay attention.
NATIONAL EXAM LEAKAGE
I see.
Come closer.
Closer.
You'll be going undercover
as secret agents.
A secret agent?
What kind of secret?
Your mission is to expose
the national exam answer smugglers
before… it's too late.
Define "too late", Boss.
Here's to a successful mission. Cheers!
-Let's toast.
-Yes, Boss.
Cheers. Yeah.
Come on.
-Yes, Boss.
-Okay.
Looks like I have to do it.
Okay, okay.
To a successful mission.
You'll be going undercover
as elementary school kids.
Never thought I'd say
you're adorable, Boss.
Such a baby face!
You played yourself.
This looks good.
-Let me have some.
-Me too.
You thought it was just the drink?
Forget this cake,
even licking the wall
would turn you into kids!
Hook, line and sinker!
Mister! I want some.
One tempe, please.
Dilan!
Our prince!
We got a celeb over here.
Alpha Bravo, get down.
A general's kid!
You'd think it's a military op.
Probably served in the army
for nine years.
Come on, it's just school.
That kid's barely nine.
No way he's been training since birth.
I'm sure this is the Pharaoh's kid.
Yeah, right. Pharaoh's kids
would be homeschooled.
What about them?
Must be Bekasi kids.
They're camping so they won't be late.
Study well, my grandchild.
Might as well throw a party.
Lucky me. I'm hungry.
Let's grab a snack.
-Agreed!
-Let's go!
How much for this?
750,000.
750,000?
It's worth a motorcycle down payment!
How'd you know?
I'm trying to do that.
If you want to get rich, be a TikTok star,
post dance clips
and go viral to get brand deals!
Not sell fritters.
My tofu is filled with knowledge.
It's priceless.
My banana fritters
are straight from Raja Ampat.
You guys eat like it's nothing.
I still have the company's money.
-Give it to me, Dro.
-Here.
-It's not enough.
Just this much?
I lost my money. My pockets were torn.
Kas, it's the cashless era now.
Cashless? We're already have less cash!
I accept cashless.
Wow, cashback.
We went from cash-less to cash back!
Dro, look.
What's up with students these days?
SCIENCE
What is he doing?
SUNDANESE DICT
BASIC-QUICK MATH
Wow, he blended it!
A steak-book?
FLOOR PAINT
-Hey, look.
-What is it, Kas?
Don, Dro.
-That must be the culprit.
-Where?
This restroom's got
Affandi-style expressionism.
Hello, culprit?
Wow.
This must be a secret code.
What?
It means someone switched underwear
because their poop was runny.
Kids these days are pretty clever.
You're too young to be a criminal!
What? You're interrupting me.
He's painting a rainbow.
You must be Grand.
-How'd you know?
-Well…
Your painter is Grand, who could it be?
-Who?
-It's Grand, of course!
Right.
I paint before exams
to keep the stress away!
If he's got time to stress out,
he's got time to study.
Right.
-Do you have it?
-Here.
-This better be the right one.
-Not bad.
Hey!
After her!
You're not going anywhere now. Ouch!
I'm sorry.
Where are you going?
You're too young for this!
Are you a dealer?
I'm sorry. No, I'm not.
This country's future is grim
if kids like you are selling cheat sheets.
No, I gave her fake cheat sheet.
What do you mean?
She used to bully me in kindergarten.
So I gave her a fake cheat sheet
as payback.
She's held a grudge since kindergarten.
And it's still going strong.
Until death do you part.
Amen.
Dro, Don.
We need a more effective way
to find the culprit.
Yes. We must catch them
before the exam starts.
I agree.
So? Any questions?
Anyone got any questions?
Brats! What are you doing there? Get down!
You want some of this?
Ouch! We're sorry.
You're gonna rip it off!
Why are you pinching mine?
One gets pinched,
we all get pinched. Ouch!
Now that's fair.
Get inside. Now!
Or else I'll go.
Is this a military school?
KEEP QUIET. EXAM IN PROGRESS
CLASS 6-A
DO NOT CHEAT!
Good morning, everyone.
Nice to meet you, I'm a teacher here.
Well, obviously. I'm not a minibus driver.
KEEP QUIET! EXAM IN PROGRESS
Sorry. Your minibus is in the way.
Give me the keys so I can move it.
That's just a hobby to earn extra cash.
Keep in mind, I'm your proctor here.
No cheating! If I see you cheat,
I'll rip your lips off
and give them to your friend.
Sharing is caring, right?
Pass it around,
make sure everyone gets one.
The back row's still waiting,
there you go.
This is our last chance
before it's too late.
Seems like there's an insider
leaking answers.
How hard can the test be
that people are selling answers?
How can we answer this?
"In the song Ambilkan Bulan,
do they end up taking the moon?"
What's the answer?
"What's the gap
between dark and light green?"
Everyone got their sheets?
Sit tight, sit straight.
You've got 120 minutes
starting from…
Any guesses?
From Cinere? Gandul?
Starting from now!
Geez. You had to break your arm
just to cheat?
That guy's abused his forehead.
He took off his pants?
Her hair fell off!
Miss, it's backwards.
That's some high-tech.
Piece of cake.
Glad I went to a cram school.
Damn it.
Wait.
Fritters?
Eating mid-exam?
Greasy paper?
Greasy?
This is the cheat sheet!
Where did you get it?
Should've said so earlier!
My hair's falling out from thinking.
Hey!
You three better not cheat,
or I'll poke your eyes!
Over there! The dealer is running away!
Hey! Stop running!
Am I busted?
The exam isn't over yet! Don't run off!
Good luck when it's God testing you.
Hey! Stop running!
-Hey, fritter-face! Get back here!
-Wait, you tofu-filled fraud!
Gosh!
They ran off. Stop!
How am I gonna catch them?
I can use that.
Stop running!
Mister, can you go faster?
Full throttle!
Come on, Kas, Dro!
-Hurry!
-Worry about yourself.
After him!
-This way.
-I know, Kas.
Wait up!
Transform!
-What?
-No way!
-That's impressive.
-It turned into a robot?
-Mister, stop!
-I've got a leg cramp.
-Hey! Stop!
-Stop!
Stop running!
Have a taste of my fritters' oil!
It's slippery, Kas!
-I'm getting dizzy.
-Hey!
Thank goodness. I survived.
Hey! Wait up!
-A car!
-Excuse me!
You missed!
Can I get a tempe?
Where's the chili?
-It's a mess!
-All my stuff's destroyed!
I can't see!
Catch me if you can!
Ouch! Again?
That damn fritter seller!
What's this?
I see.
I got it.
Let's try that.
Kas, Dro! Let's stop for a bit.
He's gonna get away.
What's up, Don?
Wait.
Okay, and…
Kas, Dro, follow me. Come on.
Pedal faster! Let's go! Faster!
Crash into the car! One, two, jump!
Enjoy the show with a drink.
DOOR OPENS
It's open!
What happened to my nose?
It missed, Don.
Relax. It's not over yet.
Ouch! Something got into my eye!
My eye! It stings!
So, you had it in you, Don.
Gotcha.
We caught up. I'm heading home now.
Thanks, mister.
Wow! Where do you work out?
Where is this?
Hey, you delinquents!
What delinquents? We're after him,
the cheat sheet dealer!
Ouch, my eye still hurts!
Fine, I admit it!
Thanks for the help, Boss Chiips.
You may be small, but…
Bald!
It's really thanks to
my subordinates' hard work and maturity.
Now that this has come to light,
the National Exam will be rescheduled!
Hurry, Kas!
Good idea, sir.
-But…
-Kas.
-Let's make them pay.
-What do we do, Dro?
It's about time for us to go.
There's an even bigger threat. Excuse us.
Run!
Don, Dro! Full speed ahead!
BACK AND FORTH OFFSIDE
Good afternoon,
viewers from across Indonesia.
Today is the World Cup playoff match.
-The match that will decide…
-Indonesia!
…who qualifies for
the 2036 World Cup finals,
West Korea vs. Indonesia!
This is a live broadcast
from West Korea Stadium,
and I'm just as excited as all of you
because we're about to witness our team
give their body and soul for victory.
Give it your all, Garuda!
-Hey!
-They can't hear you.
Try louder, Commander.
I am loud. It's not me, they're just deaf.
That's true.
Is this a stadium or a zoo?
What's with the wildlife noises?
Hey!
Okay! Do your job seriously!
Don't embarrass us!
-Yes, Boss.
SECURITY
I have a bad feeling about them.
They're scary.
-He's burnt.
-Yeah.
What, even a tank?
Relax. He's all muscle, no skill.
Look at our team.
See?
It's spinning around
like someone dodging an inspection.
Is this football or circus?
-Is the goalie on his phone?
-Must be a pro.
Probably to post on TikTok.
Is the goal a brand deal?
I believe Indonesia can win.
But if they don't,
are we gonna get attacked?
What are you saying?
We're not getting jumped if they lose.
-Maybe a fine for the field.
-Right.
This is world-class, not class meet.
Who are they?
Their sharp looks can cut you.
He's built like a Murtabak cart.
Get ready for an intense match.
Don't even try to resist,
or we'll come for you.
Got it?
Yes, sir.
Excuse me, what did he say?
All I heard is, if we win,
they'll invade Indonesia.
What?
And…
Honestly, I don't really know.
I learned foreign languages from movies.
What movie?
Warkop movies.
Them? They can barely speak
proper Indonesian.
I feel like something shady is going on.
Let's report it to the commander!
Hold up, don't go reporting just yet.
Let's investigate first,
find the evidence,
then report to the commander.
I agree. What do you think, Don?
All right. Where do we start?
What's wrong, Kas?
-A hostage?
-Electrocuted?
It's empty. Wrong room.
-Kas, hurry.
-I know, Dro.
Stay still.
I smell something fishy.
Like a fish market? What do you see?
Let me see.
Me too.
Just be patient. I'll tell you later.
Focus on your breathing.
Oh, my God!
Don, is your phone buzzing?
Not me, Kas.
Is it Indro's?
No, it's my legs.
Damn it, they scored again!
Unbelievable!
Kas, get a grip!
Yeah, sorry. I was shocked.
Hang on. This could be critical.
Understood?
-Yes, sir!
Up.
You're here? Then who's holding us up?
Hey, Dro! Are you kidding me?
If you're tired, just say so!
I've been saying it this whole time!
Calm down.
So, what did you see?
This is bad, we can't let this happen.
I've been thinking of a way to stop it.
If we report it to the commander now,
he won't believe us.
The thing is, you haven't told us
what the problem is!
Right. Sorry, Dro.
Listen up.
I saw five West Korean generals
having a meeting.
Their President was among them.
One general is presenting
in front of a screen with the TV,
showing a missile launch simulation,
triggered by Indonesia's goal.
The more we win,
the more missiles they fire.
Do you get it?
What?
What should we do now, Kas?
I think we should run.
Running? Seriously? We're Chiips.
We're supposed to be brave.
Not that, Kas.
Look.
Run away!
Guys! Don't leave me behind!
Looking for someone? No one's here. Bye.
BP sends the ball right towards the goal,
takes the shot, and…
So close! The crowd's not happy.
Indonesia is in a tight spot.
Moving up and down, back and forth,
dodging opponents!
The struggle continues
as they're still being chased down!
They were once level on the scoreboard,
but now Indonesia is giving their all
to maintain the lead.
The chase goes on,
Korea is right behind them!
But Indonesia finds an opening!
All right, viewers,
that wraps up the first half.
Indonesia is ahead of West Korea, 2 to 0.
Back to the studio.
Kas, let's tell them.
No, Don.
You think they're gonna believe us?
So what now?
I have an idea.
We'll make Indonesia lose.
-Lose?
-So we don't get nuked?
Unique, isn't it?
-Settle down. Kasino's here.
-Kas. You didn't change your name?
You can do Ikar Kasino.
No way. My name sounds like
a foreigner already.
Cappuccino, Italiano, Kasino.
Right.
We know.
Don't be like that, you rude referee.
What a blockhead.
We're back for the second half,
and Indonesia's coach
has made a bold call,
subbing in three players
of unknown origin.
-You sure about this, Kas?
-100%.
Don't worry,
we'll come out of this as heroes.
Goodbye, World Cup.
Wait, what? Commander, look!
Oh, my God. What are they doing?
Go find out, quick!
They'll ruin everything!
-Okay. Yes, Commander.
-Go!
Excuse me.
They're looking for trouble.
By the way, where'd they get
those jerseys?
Looks awesome.
-Everyone, gather around.
-Okay.
-What is it?
-Listen closely.
Everyone, my dear teammates.
You all did great in the first half.
Now it's time to…
What?
Take it easy.
-What is he saying?
-Is he joking?
-We can't win like that!
-Right!
Hey, forget about it.
If you get the ball, pass it to me or him.
-Who?
-Him.
This guy's softer than Rafathar's pudding!
I'm a tofu.
Don't worry. We're in this together.
It's the coach's secret plan, got it?
-Who are they?
-What?
I thought they were
your secret trump card.
Secret trump card?
So secret not even I know who they are.
-And there's the whistle!
-Kas!
And there's Kasino
dribbling the ball on his own.
Pass!
Sorry, I slipped. Just testing the waters.
There was a miscommunication.
Let's leave that behind
and get back to the field.
Indonesia's got the ball again,
BP takes the shot, a header and…
Goal! Fantastic!
But what is this, viewers?
-What now? Offside?
-What do you mean?
An Indonesian player
is having meatballs mid-game!
He's the troublemaker!
Sorry.
The referee reaches a decision,
it's offside!
Get a grip!
Match resumes, BP charges alone,
facing two defenders.
-Is there support ahead?
-I'm open!
Pass here!
-He seems to avoid the left side.
-Hey!
Hey! Pass the ball!
Hey! Coo-coo.
Slick one-two play! BP's in the clear.
The nerve! He must think I'm a rookie.
You know what to do.
Okay.
BP's on the move, charging alone
toward West Korea's defense,
facing two defenders.
What was that?
What did he just do to his own teammate?
That guy again?
Sorry, I didn't mean to.
Your jersey looks the same.
Same how? It's different!
He meant the same tailor.
Don, kick the ball!
Kick it? All right.
That idiot. He scored an own goal.
Did you find them?
I think they're hiding.
What now?
We scored a goal!
Wait!
That's them.
Indonesia has returned
to full defensive mode.
West Korean players
are trying to break through.
But it won't be that easy.
Mr. Kim Chi! Pass it to me!
He asking me to pass?
Two Indonesian defenders move in.
Hurry! Pass it to me!
He kicked the ball!
Maradono takes it and…
He scored the wrong way!
Dono!
You got it wrong again.
Here we go again,
another quick attack from Indonesia!
One defender passed,
the ball's well distributed,
and BP is now one-on-one with the keeper!
He goes straight in! And kicks it! And…
No!
Why is Indro guarding that goal?
That's not ours!
Sorry, reflex kicked in.
I thought it was my post.
-Now you blundered too?
-Damn brat!
How does a keeper forget their own goal?
Good job, Dro.
The West Korean goalie
prepares for the free kick.
No defenders ahead.
He shoots!
Hey! Where are you going?
Hurry up! Your goalpost is empty!
The ball's flying high! So high!
What's going on?
-Oh, my God!
-They scored.
Where's the goalie?
That's you, Dro.
Sorry, Kas. It was on purpose.
Korea starts gaining momentum,
but Indonesia's determination to win
hasn't wavered.
Indonesia is back on the attack,
BP takes the ball smoothly.
BP breaks through the defense alone!
He got past three players!
Now he's one-on-one with the goalkeeper.
He's going for the kick!
For Indonesia.
Ouch!
Kas, what's wrong?
-Code?
-The code!
The code!
-The code?
-What code?
I know.
Medic!
Over here.
Gosh. I'm getting dizzy.
Kas. Kasino!
-My leg feels numb!
-Kas!
Why are you here?
What about yourself?
You've been a let down!
-Let me tell you.
-What?
-Cut the nonsense, Kas.
-You don't trust me?
-Ask Dono.
-Is it true?
How would I know? Only Kasino saw it.
Please, you were just with me earlier.
But it was only you who saw it.
You want a taste of these hands?
Don't fight.
Fine, I'll look into it.
But if there's no evidence,
you better be ready to face the commander.
-Commander, this is Minati reporting.
-What?
You're sure about this, right?
Yeah.
Or am I? Maybe I saw it wrong.
What?
Kas! Your eyes are working, right?
Looks like West Korea
is making a substitution.
And not just one,
but three players at once!
This is bad!
Don't worry about it.
You two stay focused on the mission.
I'll deal with this rookie.
What the hell? Do they even know
how to play soccer?
We're not playing tag!
Don, help me!
Indro! Hey! Don't just stand there!
That's the ball! Why are you chasing me?
INDONESIA
WORLD CUP IS A MUST
Now you're chasing me?
Help!
Missed me.
You missed.
It's a knockout. Time to run.
A miscommunication.
Indonesia seizes the ball,
a clean play and…
Goal!
Garuda leads again. The spark is back,
they're feeling the momentum again.
And he scores!
Goal!
PRESS TO SCORE A GOAL
What a turnaround! Indonesia is back!
No mercy, no holding back!
General. Come here.
Deal with them.
Yes, sir.
Come on, run.
Hey, come back here.
Look, it's my mom.
Mommy.
That's my mom.
Mommy!
Death or victory?
The whistle's blown, the match resumes.
West Korea now controls the ball.
The player who was in tears earlier
takes the shot!
It's straight to the goal! Paid in full,
no cashback from West Korea!
It's safe, Commander.
Min, do you trust their report?
If those three idiots made a mistake,
it won't just be their heads,
Chiips itself could be…
Hold on, Commander.
We're doomed.
The end is near.
And another goal!
What is this? West Korea
is playing like madmen!
I feel bad for the others.
Does it have to be this way?
Kasino!
-Kasino!
-A girl's voice?
Right.
IT'S ALL UNDER CONTROL
Under control?
"Now finish them. Good luck."
Okay!
Everyone, gather around!
What now?
What?
We can't mess around anymore.
We? It's just you and your friends.
Let it go. It's behind us now.
Don't you guys want to win?
-Of course.
-Anyone else?
We do.
It sounds like you're unsure.
Do you want it or not?
Yes, we do.
Seriously, do you want it or not?
Yes, we do!
Again, do you want it or not?
That's the spirit.
Back to plan A. Let's crush them!
Sorry.
Let's go!
Rapid attack from Maradono,
cutting through West Korea's defense,
completely unstoppable!
A daring run by Maradono
continues with a direct shot…
Unfortunately, the goalie
was ready for it!
And Maradono scores!
A goal full of flair and surprise!
-Excuse me.
-Kasino snatched the ball!
Twist them.
Take that, so cute it hurts.
It's the final minutes on the clock.
But the referee
has just added three more minutes.
It's not over yet!
Come on, Garuda. Triumph!
What is that?
Where are the defenders?
Gosh. They're gonna score.
Hey, someone help!
A sudden strike from West Korea
exposes Indonesia's defense.
This is getting scary, please don't score!
What now?
A desperate and risky tackle from BP.
Let's hope it's not a penalty
or a red card.
What a tragic error
at such a critical moment.
And it happened.
A red card from the referee.
BP. Thanks a lot.
I was so nervous.
A huge loss at a critical moment.
BP is out.
It's unfortunate at a time like this.
Without Budi Pekerti,
things look grim for Indonesia.
From the bottom of my heart,
thank you, BP. Thank you, Budi.
The ball is set at the penalty mark.
Stand tall, Indonesia.
Don't let BP's sacrifice go to waste.
Indronaldo, our hopes
rest on your shoulders.
What a bold move by Indronaldo!
He sends it flying straight toward
the opponent's goal.
Is this the hope we've been waiting for?
Will victory finally be ours?
This is our last chance.
With this ball, I will make history.
The ball is a friend.
Friends fill the void.
Wherever you might be…
Don, hurry up and kick it!
Don't go into slow motion. Time's ticking.
Okay!
Take this, Cisewu Tiger Kick!
Ouch!
What just happened?
That breathtaking flip-kick
couldn't pass into the net!
What a shame.
Now that's a faceplant.
He passed out?
The ref's ready to call it…
But what's this?
A wave of grass
is heading toward the ball!
Could this change everything?
It went in.
It went in!
Indonesia scores at the last minute!
Amazing! And there's the final whistle.
Congratulations, Indonesia!
Yes! We win, Commander!
It's all part of my plan, Minati.
Don, Kas, look!
I told you
we'd come out of this as heroes.
I believed you from the start.
Say hello to the World Cup!
I'm Dono, the unstoppable scoring machine.
I'm Kasino, team leader and coordinator.
I'm Indro,
the guardian of this sacred goal.
We eat Somay Sausages!
SOMAY SAUSAGE
Go ahead, drink up.
But if there's no evidence,
you better be ready to face the commander.
Brats! What are you doing there? Get down!
Sharing is caring, right?
Right?
That raises the question,
what will the government do
to combat this situation?